COHEN. THAT IS NEWS SITTING THERE.
THAT IS NEWS SITTING THERE. ARI
ARI ARI
ARI ARI MELBER, YOU’VE GOT THE
ARI MELBER, YOU’VE GOT THE BATON.
BATON. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. A TRULY HISTORIC DAY IN
A TRULY HISTORIC DAY IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. TONIGHT I’M ABOUT TO BE JOINED
TONIGHT I’M ABOUT TO BE JOINED BY SPECIAL GUEST DONNY DEUTSCH
BY SPECIAL GUEST DONNY DEUTSCH WHO JUST TALKED TO MICHAEL COHEN
WHO JUST TALKED TO MICHAEL COHEN AFTER HIS TESTIMONY.
AFTER HIS TESTIMONY. I’M GOING TO GIVE YOU A SHORT
I’M GOING TO GIVE YOU A SHORT INTRO.
INTRO. IF YOU FOLLOW THE NEWS, YOU KNOW
IF YOU FOLLOW THE NEWS, YOU KNOW THE GIST.
THE GIST. MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFYING UNDER
MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFYING UNDER OATH AGAINST DONALD TRUMP FOR
OATH AGAINST DONALD TRUMP FOR MANY, MANY HOURS.
MANY, MANY HOURS. LAYING OUT IN DETAIL A DAMNING
LAYING OUT IN DETAIL A DAMNING SERIES OF ALLEGATIONS.
SERIES OF ALLEGATIONS. SOME SOUNDED CRIMINAL AGAINST A
SOME SOUNDED CRIMINAL AGAINST A SITTING PRESIDENT.
SITTING PRESIDENT. SOME SOUNDED JUST TERRIBLE.
SOME SOUNDED JUST TERRIBLE. BAD THINGS DETAILED BY A PERSON
BAD THINGS DETAILED BY A PERSON WHO SAYS HE WAS IN THE ROOM.
WHO SAYS HE WAS IN THE ROOM. THIS WAS EXTRAORDINARY.
THIS WAS EXTRAORDINARY. UNPRECEDENTED TESTIMONY FROM ONE
UNPRECEDENTED TESTIMONY FROM ONE OF
OF OF, REMEMBER, ONLY SIX INDICTED
OF, REMEMBER, ONLY SIX INDICTED AND YET TO SPEAK THIS WAY.
AND YET TO SPEAK THIS WAY. NONE OF THE OTHERS HAVE TALKED
NONE OF THE OTHERS HAVE TALKED ABOUT THEIR CRIMES UNDER OATH OR
ABOUT THEIR CRIMES UNDER OATH OR OTHER DETAILS ON OATH.
OTHER DETAILS ON OATH. THEY HAVEN’T.
THEY HAVEN’T. NO ONE HAS POINTED THIS FINGER
NO ONE HAS POINTED THIS FINGER SO DIRECTLY AT THEIR OLD BOSS
SO DIRECTLY AT THEIR OLD BOSS DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. AND TO TRUMP’S DEFENDERS ON THE
AND TO TRUMP’S DEFENDERS ON THE COMMITTEE, COHEN HAD A SIMPLE
COMMITTEE, COHEN HAD A SIMPLE MESSAGE.
MESSAGE. LOOK, I USED TO BE LIKE YOU.
LOOK, I USED TO BE LIKE YOU. I USED TO DEFEND THIS MAN JUST
I USED TO DEFEND THIS MAN JUST LIKE YOU FOR THE SAME REASONS
LIKE YOU FOR THE SAME REASONS YOU DO.
YOU DO. AND THE ONLY DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
AND THE ONLY DIFFERENCE BETWEEN US IS I PUT THAT IN THE PAST
US IS I PUT THAT IN THE PAST TENSE.
TENSE. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> DOCUMENTS THAT ARE
>> DOCUMENTS THAT ARE IRREFUTABLE AND --
IRREFUTABLE AND -- >> I DID THE SAME THING THAT
>> I DID THE SAME THING THAT YOU’RE DOING NOW FOR TEN YEARS.
YOU’RE DOING NOW FOR TEN YEARS. I PROTECTED MR. TRUMP FOR TEN
I PROTECTED MR. TRUMP FOR TEN YEARS.
YEARS. I CAN ONLY WARN PEOPLE THE MORE
I CAN ONLY WARN PEOPLE THE MORE PEOPLE THAT FOLLOW MR. TRUMP AS
PEOPLE THAT FOLLOW MR. TRUMP AS I DID BLINDLY ARE GOING TO
I DID BLINDLY ARE GOING TO SUFFER THE SAME CONSEQUENCES
SUFFER THE SAME CONSEQUENCES THAT I’M SUFFERING.
THAT I’M SUFFERING. >> I’M JOINED AS PROMISED RIGHT
>> I’M JOINED AS PROMISED RIGHT NOW BY MYA WILEY AND DONNY
NOW BY MYA WILEY AND DONNY DEUTSCH.
DEUTSCH. BEFORE WE TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU’VE
BEFORE WE TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU’VE LEARNED HAVING BEEN ALONG SIDE
LEARNED HAVING BEEN ALONG SIDE THIS MAN THE WHOLE TIME IN WHAT
THIS MAN THE WHOLE TIME IN WHAT WAS FOR ANYONE WATCHING AT TIMES
WAS FOR ANYONE WATCHING AT TIMES EMOTIONAL TESTIMONY FROM A
EMOTIONAL TESTIMONY FROM A PERSON WHO IS GOING TO GO BE
PERSON WHO IS GOING TO GO BE INCARCERATED, I WANT TO ASK YOU
INCARCERATED, I WANT TO ASK YOU WHAT WAS IMPORTANT THAT MICHAEL
WHAT WAS IMPORTANT THAT MICHAEL COHEN SAID THAT SOUNDED TRUE AND
COHEN SAID THAT SOUNDED TRUE AND IMPLICATE THIS PRESIDENT?
IMPLICATE THIS PRESIDENT? >> NUMBER ONE, HIS -- OVERALL,
>> NUMBER ONE, HIS -- OVERALL, HIS TESTIMONY WAS VERY CREDIBLE,
HIS TESTIMONY WAS VERY CREDIBLE, I THOUGHT.
I THOUGHT. AND PART OF IT BEING CREDIBLE IS
AND PART OF IT BEING CREDIBLE IS HE DIDN’T OVERSTATE.
HE DIDN’T OVERSTATE. HE WAS VERY CAREFUL WITH THE
HE WAS VERY CAREFUL WITH THE FACTS.
FACTS. AND SO IT WAS VERY CREDIBLE WHEN
AND SO IT WAS VERY CREDIBLE WHEN HE TALKED ABOUT THE WAY IN WHICH
HE TALKED ABOUT THE WAY IN WHICH DONALD TRUMP WORKED, THE FACT
DONALD TRUMP WORKED, THE FACT THAT HE WAS DIRECTED TO MAKE
THAT HE WAS DIRECTED TO MAKE PAYMENTS AND HOW THAT WAS
PAYMENTS AND HOW THAT WAS STRUCTURED THROUGH ALLEN
STRUCTURED THROUGH ALLEN WEISSELBERG.
WEISSELBERG. IT WAS ALSO, YOU KNOW, THE WAY
IT WAS ALSO, YOU KNOW, THE WAY HE TALKED ABOUT THE TRUMP ASSETS
HE TALKED ABOUT THE TRUMP ASSETS AND THE WAY DONALD TRUMP WOULD
AND THE WAY DONALD TRUMP WOULD INFLATE THE ASSETS IF IT WAS TO
INFLATE THE ASSETS IF IT WAS TO HIS ADVANTAGE, SAY, IN THE
HIS ADVANTAGE, SAY, IN THE INTERESTS OF INSURANCE OR
INTERESTS OF INSURANCE OR DEFLATE THE ASSETS IF IT WAS
DEFLATE THE ASSETS IF IT WAS HELPFUL FOR HIS TAXES.
HELPFUL FOR HIS TAXES. AND THAT WAS REALLY -- YOU KNOW,
AND THAT WAS REALLY -- YOU KNOW, IT WAS NOT A BIG PERIOD OF TIME
IT WAS NOT A BIG PERIOD OF TIME IN THE TESTIMONY TODAY, BUT IT
IN THE TESTIMONY TODAY, BUT IT WAS PRETTY SIGNIFICANT.
WAS PRETTY SIGNIFICANT. BECAUSE THOSE WOULD BE NEW
BECAUSE THOSE WOULD BE NEW POTENTIAL CRIMINAL CHARGES THAT
POTENTIAL CRIMINAL CHARGES THAT WOULD -- WHERE HE IS DIRECTLY
WOULD -- WHERE HE IS DIRECTLY IMPLICATING DONALD TRUMP.
IMPLICATING DONALD TRUMP. IT WAS CREDIBLE BECAUSE THE
IT WAS CREDIBLE BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF HAS NOT
PRESIDENT HIMSELF HAS NOT RELEASED HIS TAX RETURNS WHICH
RELEASED HIS TAX RETURNS WHICH WAS ALWAYS ODD.
WAS ALWAYS ODD. AND NEVER QUITE EXPLAINED TO THE
AND NEVER QUITE EXPLAINED TO THE AMERICAN PUBLIC WHY HE WOULDN’T.
AMERICAN PUBLIC WHY HE WOULDN’T. THAT MIGHT BE A REASON.
THAT MIGHT BE A REASON. YOU KNOW, I ALSO THINK THOSE
YOU KNOW, I ALSO THINK THOSE POINTS ABOUT ABOUT DONALD
POINTS ABOUT ABOUT DONALD TRUMP’S WINK WINK NOD NOD IN
TRUMP’S WINK WINK NOD NOD IN TERMS OF THE TRUMP TOWER.
TERMS OF THE TRUMP TOWER. HE SAYS VERY CLEARLY, LOOK.
HE SAYS VERY CLEARLY, LOOK. NO, HE DID NOT DIRECTLY TELL ME
NO, HE DID NOT DIRECTLY TELL ME ME -- HE LOOKED ME IN THE EYE.
ME -- HE LOOKED ME IN THE EYE. AND SAID THERE IS NO BUSINESS IN
AND SAID THERE IS NO BUSINESS IN MOSCOW AS HE THEN WENT OUT AND
MOSCOW AS HE THEN WENT OUT AND LIED TO THE PUBLIC.
LIED TO THE PUBLIC. THAT IS KIND OF VERY TYPICAL
THAT IS KIND OF VERY TYPICAL WAYS IN WHICH WE SEE CRIME
WAYS IN WHICH WE SEE CRIME BOSSES INSTRUCTING PEOPLE.
BOSSES INSTRUCTING PEOPLE. >> THAT WAS THE OTHER IMPORTANT
>> THAT WAS THE OTHER IMPORTANT PART.
PART. HE MADE
HE MADE E THIS ISN’T NORMAL.
E THIS ISN’T NORMAL. AND AS WE GET MORE EYEWITNESS
AND AS WE GET MORE EYEWITNESS ACCOUNTS, THE COUNTRY HAS TO
ACCOUNTS, THE COUNTRY HAS TO DEAL WITH THIS NOT AS A
DEAL WITH THIS NOT AS A POLITICAL MATTER AND NOT
POLITICAL MATTER AND NOT STRICTLY AS A LEGAL MATTER.
STRICTLY AS A LEGAL MATTER. BECAUSE SO MUCH OF WHAT I SAW
BECAUSE SO MUCH OF WHAT I SAW TODAY WAS GANGSTER-LIKE
TODAY WAS GANGSTER-LIKE ACTIVITY.
ACTIVITY. IN THAT VEIN, MICHAEL COHEN
IN THAT VEIN, MICHAEL COHEN TALKING ABOUT THE THREATS.
TALKING ABOUT THE THREATS. THE WAY THAT THREATENING
THE WAY THAT THREATENING PEOPLE -- YOU CAN USE WORDS IN
PEOPLE -- YOU CAN USE WORDS IN CLEVER WAYS THAT AREN’T
CLEVER WAYS THAT AREN’T TECHNICALLY CRIMES.
TECHNICALLY CRIMES. BUT THE WAYS THAT DONALD TRUMP
BUT THE WAYS THAT DONALD TRUMP ROUTINELY USED HIM TO THREATEN
ROUTINELY USED HIM TO THREATEN PEOPLE TO GET HIS WAY.
PEOPLE TO GET HIS WAY. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> HOW MANY TIMES DID MR. TRUMP
>> HOW MANY TIMES DID MR. TRUMP ASK YOU TO THREATEN AN
ASK YOU TO THREATEN AN INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY ON HIS
INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY ON HIS BEHALF?
BEHALF? >> QUITE A FEW TIMES.
>> QUITE A FEW TIMES. >> 50 TIMES?
>> 50 TIMES? >> MORE.
>> MORE. >> A HUNDRED TIMES?
>> A HUNDRED TIMES? >> MORE.
>> MORE. >> 200 TIMES?
>> 200 TIMES? >> MORE.
>> MORE. >> 500 TIMES?
>> 500 TIMES? >> PROBABLY.
>> PROBABLY. OVER THE TEN YEARS.
OVER THE TEN YEARS. >> OVER THE TEN YEARS, HE ASKED
>> OVER THE TEN YEARS, HE ASKED YOU --
YOU -- >> AND WHEN YOU SAY THREATEN,
>> AND WHEN YOU SAY THREATEN, I’M TALKING WITH LITIGATION OR
I’M TALKING WITH LITIGATION OR AN ARGUMENT.
AN ARGUMENT. >> BULLYING BEHAVIOR.
>> BULLYING BEHAVIOR. WE’VE ALSO HEARD IT IN THE
WE’VE ALSO HEARD IT IN THE LANGUAGE.
LANGUAGE. AND WHEN YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT
AND WHEN YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT CALLING PEOPLE RATS -- WHEN
CALLING PEOPLE RATS -- WHEN YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT A SITTING
YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT A SITTING PRESIDENT, THAT KIND OF BEHAVIOR
PRESIDENT, THAT KIND OF BEHAVIOR BECOMES AN ABUSE OF AUTHORITY.
BECOMES AN ABUSE OF AUTHORITY. UNDER THE PRECEDENT WE HAVE FROM
UNDER THE PRECEDENT WE HAVE FROM RICHARD NIXON IS ABUSE OF THE
RICHARD NIXON IS ABUSE OF THE AUTHORITY IS IN AND OF ITSELF IS
AUTHORITY IS IN AND OF ITSELF IS GROUND FOR IMPEACHMENT.
GROUND FOR IMPEACHMENT. WE’RE HEARING ABOUT A SITTING
WE’RE HEARING ABOUT A SITTING PRESIDENT DIRECTLY FROM SOMEONE
PRESIDENT DIRECTLY FROM SOMEONE WHO HAS KNOWN HIM DEEPLY,
WHO HAS KNOWN HIM DEEPLY, PERSONALLY, AND HIS WAYS OF
PERSONALLY, AND HIS WAYS OF WORKING AND HAS ESSENTIALLY SAID
WORKING AND HAS ESSENTIALLY SAID THOSE WAYS CONTINUED INTO THE
THOSE WAYS CONTINUED INTO THE WHITE HOUSE.
WHITE HOUSE. NOT ON EVERY SINGLE TYPE OF
NOT ON EVERY SINGLE TYPE OF CLAIM, BUT THAT THIS WAS
CLAIM, BUT THAT THIS WAS CONVERSATIONS THAT HE HAD HAD
CONVERSATIONS THAT HE HAD HAD WITH THE PRESIDENT IN THE WHITE
WITH THE PRESIDENT IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. >> DONNY, I WANT TO LEAVE SOME
>> DONNY, I WANT TO LEAVE SOME SPACE FOR YOU TO SPEAK ABOUT
SPACE FOR YOU TO SPEAK ABOUT THIS ANY WHICH WAY YOU WANT.
THIS ANY WHICH WAY YOU WANT. THIS IS A FRIEND OF YOURS.
THIS IS A FRIEND OF YOURS. HE DOESN’T CLAIM THAT HE DID
HE DOESN’T CLAIM THAT HE DID EVERYTHING THE RIGHT WAY.
EVERYTHING THE RIGHT WAY. BUT I WONDER HOW YOU FELT
BUT I WONDER HOW YOU FELT WATCHING CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WHO I
WATCHING CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WHO I THINK DOES TAKE HIS ROLE
THINK DOES TAKE HIS ROLE SERIOUSLY WHO WENT OUT OF HIS
SERIOUSLY WHO WENT OUT OF HIS WAY TO DO SOME BIPARTISAN
WAY TO DO SOME BIPARTISAN OUTREACH AND MEND FENCES DURING
OUTREACH AND MEND FENCES DURING THE HEARING.
THE HEARING. BUT WHEN CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WAS
BUT WHEN CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WAS PRETTY CAREFUL, MADE A POINT TO
PRETTY CAREFUL, MADE A POINT TO SAY ON THE RECORD THAT THIS IS
SAY ON THE RECORD THAT THIS IS NOT NORMAL.
NOT NORMAL. THAT HE’S FROM BALTIMORE AND HE
THAT HE’S FROM BALTIMORE AND HE KNOWS HOW THIS WORKS IN PRISON.
KNOWS HOW THIS WORKS IN PRISON. AND IN HIS VIEW, THE PRESIDENT
AND IN HIS VIEW, THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES INCREASED
OF THE UNITED STATES INCREASED THE RISK OF PHYSICAL DANGER TO
THE RISK OF PHYSICAL DANGER TO MICHAEL COHEN, YOUR FRIEND, BY
MICHAEL COHEN, YOUR FRIEND, BY CALLING HIM A RAT SO PUBLICLY AS
CALLING HIM A RAT SO PUBLICLY AS HE PREPARES TO GO DO THREE
HE PREPARES TO GO DO THREE YEARS.
YEARS. >> I KNOW CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WAS
>> I KNOW CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WAS SO EMOTIONAL AND SO UPSET THE
SO EMOTIONAL AND SO UPSET THE NIGHT THAT TRUMP WENT AFTER
NIGHT THAT TRUMP WENT AFTER MICHAEL’S FATHER-IN-LAW.
MICHAEL’S FATHER-IN-LAW. KIND OF STARTED THIS THREAT OF
KIND OF STARTED THIS THREAT OF THE FAMILY AND TOOK IT VERY
THE FAMILY AND TOOK IT VERY EMOTIONALLY.
EMOTIONALLY. AND I THINK HE SAW THE KIND OF
AND I THINK HE SAW THE KIND OF MAN CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WAS TODAY.
MAN CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WAS TODAY. A LOT TO UNPACK HERE.
A LOT TO UNPACK HERE. I SPOKE TO MICHAEL A FEW MOMENTS
I SPOKE TO MICHAEL A FEW MOMENTS AGO.
AGO. HE WAS WITH BOTH OF HIS LAWYERS.
HE WAS WITH BOTH OF HIS LAWYERS. I SAID HOW YOU DOING.
I SAID HOW YOU DOING. HE SAID EXHAUSTED.
HE SAID EXHAUSTED. I MEAN, I WAS EXHAUSTED
I MEAN, I WAS EXHAUSTED WATCHING.
WATCHING. KEEP IN MIND, HE DID NINE HOURS
KEEP IN MIND, HE DID NINE HOURS YESTERDAY.
YESTERDAY. I MEAN, IT’S STAGGERING.
I MEAN, IT’S STAGGERING. I SAID WOULD YOU HAVE DONE
I SAID WOULD YOU HAVE DONE ANYTHING DIFFERENTLY?
ANYTHING DIFFERENTLY? HE GOES, NO.
HE GOES, NO. AND HE BROUGHT UP A POINT A HE
AND HE BROUGHT UP A POINT A HE SAID DURING THE HEARINGS.
SAID DURING THE HEARINGS. THE REPUBLICANS NOT ONCE WITH
THE REPUBLICANS NOT ONCE WITH ALL OF THE CHARGES, WITH ALL OF
ALL OF THE CHARGES, WITH ALL OF THE VISUAL AIDS WITH THE CHECKS
THE VISUAL AIDS WITH THE CHECKS WITH THE DOCUMENTS BRING THAT
WITH THE DOCUMENTS BRING THAT UP.
UP. HOW MANY HOURS WAS THIS?
HOW MANY HOURS WAS THIS? NOT ONE REPUBLICAN BROUGHT UP
NOT ONE REPUBLICAN BROUGHT UP OTHER THAN SAY DON’T SMEAR THE
OTHER THAN SAY DON’T SMEAR THE PRESIDENT, DIDN’T HAVE ANY
PRESIDENT, DIDN’T HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT --
QUESTIONS ABOUT -- >> ON A COMMITTEE THAT AGAIN,
>> ON A COMMITTEE THAT AGAIN, THIS IS NOT THE JUDICIARY
THIS IS NOT THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. THIS IS THE COMMITTEE THAT DOES
THIS IS THE COMMITTEE THAT DOES OVERSTIEGT OF THE GOVERNMENT.
OVERSTIEGT OF THE GOVERNMENT. PARTICULARLY WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT
PARTICULARLY WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT ABUSE OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT,
ABUSE OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, SOMETHING THAT ANY INTELLECTUAL
SOMETHING THAT ANY INTELLECTUAL CONSERVATIVE WOULD WANT TO
CONSERVATIVE WOULD WANT TO RECKON WITH.
RECKON WITH. YOU MENTION THAT.
YOU MENTION THAT. I WANT TO NOW PLAY SO VIEWERS
I WANT TO NOW PLAY SO VIEWERS CAN TAKE IT IN THEMSELVES THAT
CAN TAKE IT IN THEMSELVES THAT MOMENT WITH CONGRESSMAN
MOMENT WITH CONGRESSMAN CUMMINGS.
CUMMINGS. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> I KNOW, I KNOW IT’S GOT TO BE
>> I KNOW, I KNOW IT’S GOT TO BE PAIN
PAIN PAINFUL BEING CALLED A RAT.
PAINFUL BEING CALLED A RAT. I LIVE IN THE INNER CITY OF
I LIVE IN THE INNER CITY OF BALTIMORE, ALL RIGHT?
BALTIMORE, ALL RIGHT? WHEN YOU CALL SOMEBODY A RAT,
WHEN YOU CALL SOMEBODY A RAT, THAT’S ONE OF THE WORST THINGS
THAT’S ONE OF THE WORST THINGS YOU CAN CALL THEM.
YOU CAN CALL THEM. WHEN YOU GO TO PRISON, THAT
WHEN YOU GO TO PRISON, THAT MEANS A SNITCH.
MEANS A SNITCH. I’M JUST SAYING.
I’M JUST SAYING. AND SO THE PRESIDENT CALLED YOU
AND SO THE PRESIDENT CALLED YOU A RAT.
A RAT. WE’RE BETTER THAN THAT.
WE’RE BETTER THAN THAT. WE REALLY ARE.
WE REALLY ARE. I KNOW THAT THIS HAS BEEN HARD.
I KNOW THAT THIS HAS BEEN HARD. I KNOW THAT YOU FACE A LOT.
I KNOW THAT YOU FACE A LOT. I KNOW THAT YOU ARE WORRIED
I KNOW THAT YOU ARE WORRIED ABOUT YOUR FAMILY.
ABOUT YOUR FAMILY. BUT THIS IS A PART OF YOUR
BUT THIS IS A PART OF YOUR DESTINY.
DESTINY. AND WE HAVE GOT TO GET BACK TO
AND WE HAVE GOT TO GET BACK TO NORMAL.
NORMAL. WITH THAT, THIS MEETING IS
WITH THAT, THIS MEETING IS ADJOURNED.
ADJOURNED. >> THAT’S HOW IT ENDED.
>> THAT’S HOW IT ENDED. TELL ME ABOUT THE EMOTION ON
TELL ME ABOUT THE EMOTION ON MICHAEL’S FACE.
MICHAEL’S FACE. >> LOOK, I’VE SPENT HUNDREDS OF
>> LOOK, I’VE SPENT HUNDREDS OF HOURS, DOZENS OF HOURS WITH
HOURS, DOZENS OF HOURS WITH MICHAEL.
MICHAEL. THE ONLY TIME HE CRACKS AND GETS
THE ONLY TIME HE CRACKS AND GETS EMOTIONAL IS ABOUT HIS FAMILY.
EMOTIONAL IS ABOUT HIS FAMILY. WHEN HE REFERENCED THERE.
WHEN HE REFERENCED THERE. AND IT WAS PAINFUL TO WATCH AS A
AND IT WAS PAINFUL TO WATCH AS A GUY THAT -- KNOWING WHAT HE WAS
GUY THAT -- KNOWING WHAT HE WAS GOING THROUGH.
GOING THROUGH. AND THE GAME TODAY WAS NOT DO I
AND THE GAME TODAY WAS NOT DO I LIKE MICHAEL.
LIKE MICHAEL. DO I THINK HE’S A GOOD GUY.
DO I THINK HE’S A GOOD GUY. IS HE CREDIBLE?
IS HE CREDIBLE? AND TO ME WHERE HE REALLY SHOWED
AND TO ME WHERE HE REALLY SHOWED HIS CREDIBILITY WAS THE PLACES
HIS CREDIBILITY WAS THE PLACES HE CAME TO DEFEND DONALD TRUMP
HE CAME TO DEFEND DONALD TRUMP AND EXONERATE HIM.
AND EXONERATE HIM. THE THREE MOST HEINOUS THINGS
THE THREE MOST HEINOUS THINGS THAT WERE TEASED THAT WERE PUT
THAT WERE TEASED THAT WERE PUT OUT THERE -- THINK ABOUT IT.
OUT THERE -- THINK ABOUT IT. WE HEAR THERE’S A TAPE THAT YOU
WE HEAR THERE’S A TAPE THAT YOU SMACKED MELANIA.
SMACKED MELANIA. I’VE HEARD THAT RUMOR.
I’VE HEARD THAT RUMOR. HE SAID THERE IS NO SUCH TAPE.
HE SAID THERE IS NO SUCH TAPE. MR. TRUMP WOULD NEVER DO THAT.
MR. TRUMP WOULD NEVER DO THAT. >> WE’VE NEVER ONCE TOUCHED THAT
>> WE’VE NEVER ONCE TOUCHED THAT STORY ON THIS SHOW.
STORY ON THIS SHOW. BUT YOU SAID IT CAME UP IN A
BUT YOU SAID IT CAME UP IN A COMMITTEE HEARING TODAY AND HE
COMMITTEE HEARING TODAY AND HE UNDER OATH KNOCKED IT DOWN.
UNDER OATH KNOCKED IT DOWN. >> SAME THING WHERE AS FAR AS
>> SAME THING WHERE AS FAR AS THE SALACIOUS TAPE WHERE HE
THE SALACIOUS TAPE WHERE HE COULD HAVE EASILY SAID, YES.
COULD HAVE EASILY SAID, YES. YOU KNOW, I HAVEN’T SEEN IT BUT
YOU KNOW, I HAVEN’T SEEN IT BUT I’VE HEARD PEOPLE HAVE SEEN IT.
I’VE HEARD PEOPLE HAVE SEEN IT. ABSOLUTELY DOES NOT EXIST.
ABSOLUTELY DOES NOT EXIST. AND EVEN WITH COLLUSION WHERE HE
AND EVEN WITH COLLUSION WHERE HE SPECIFICALLY SAID I HAVE NOT
SPECIFICALLY SAID I HAVE NOT DIRECTLY SEEN COLLUSION.
DIRECTLY SEEN COLLUSION. SO, YOU KNOW, THAT TO ME GAVE
SO, YOU KNOW, THAT TO ME GAVE HIM CREDIBILITY.
HIM CREDIBILITY. THE OTHER THING GOING IN THAT
THE OTHER THING GOING IN THAT GAVE HIM CREDIBILITY, HE HAD
GAVE HIM CREDIBILITY, HE HAD EVERYTHING TO LOSE AND NOTHING
EVERYTHING TO LOSE AND NOTHING TO GAIN.
TO GAIN. THEY TOLD THE TRUTH TODAY.
THEY TOLD THE TRUTH TODAY. HAD HE LIED ONCE, HE’D BE FACING
HAD HE LIED ONCE, HE’D BE FACING MORE JAIL.
MORE JAIL. SO THE REPUBLICANS PART OF
SO THE REPUBLICANS PART OF SAYING LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE.
SAYING LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE. I THOUGHT THE MEADOWS WHEN
I THOUGHT THE MEADOWS WHEN MEADOWS LOOKED LIKE A FOOL WHEN
MEADOWS LOOKED LIKE A FOOL WHEN HE WAS WAVING THAT DOCUMENT
HE WAS WAVING THAT DOCUMENT AROUND AND IT TURNED OUT THAT
AROUND AND IT TURNED OUT THAT MICHAEL’S POINT WAS CORRECT AND
MICHAEL’S POINT WAS CORRECT AND HIS POINT WAS INCORRECT, I ALSO
HIS POINT WAS INCORRECT, I ALSO THOUGHT AOC -- THERE WERE SO
THOUGHT AOC -- THERE WERE SO MANY OPENINGS TO YOUR POINT FOR
MANY OPENINGS TO YOUR POINT FOR WHERE INVESTIGATIONS CAN GO.
WHERE INVESTIGATIONS CAN GO. I HAVE NOT BEEN A BIG FAN OF
I HAVE NOT BEEN A BIG FAN OF AOC.
AOC. I THOUGHT SHE DID A GREAT JOB
I THOUGHT SHE DID A GREAT JOB BECAUSE SHE TEED UP THE TAX
BECAUSE SHE TEED UP THE TAX RETURNS.
RETURNS. I LOVE ALL THE KIDS CAME UP
I LOVE ALL THE KIDS CAME UP EXPLICITLY.
EXPLICITLY. AT THIS POINT MUELLER HAS NOT
AT THIS POINT MUELLER HAS NOT EVEN INTERVIEWED JUNIOR YET.
EVEN INTERVIEWED JUNIOR YET. AND THERE WERE CERTAINLY THINGS
AND THERE WERE CERTAINLY THINGS ABOUT JUNIOR.
ABOUT JUNIOR. AND GOING BACK TO THE SOUTHERN
AND GOING BACK TO THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT AND THEIR RELATIONSHIP
DISTRICT AND THEIR RELATIONSHIP WITH MICHAEL HAS COMPLETELY
WITH MICHAEL HAS COMPLETELY CHANGED.
CHANGED. IT WAS VERY CONTENTIOUS GOING
IT WAS VERY CONTENTIOUS GOING IN.
IN. THEY SIGNED OFF THAT TWO-MONTH
THEY SIGNED OFF THAT TWO-MONTH EXTENSION.
EXTENSION. THEY RECOMMENDED IT TO THE
THEY RECOMMENDED IT TO THE JUDGE.
JUDGE. SO THEY’RE WORKING VERY CLOSELY
SO THEY’RE WORKING VERY CLOSELY TOGETHER AND I’VE SAID ON MANY
TOGETHER AND I’VE SAID ON MANY SHOWS.
SHOWS. THIS ENDS WITH A RICO CHARGE IN
THIS ENDS WITH A RICO CHARGE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT.
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT. THIS IS WHERE THIS ENDS WHERE
THIS IS WHERE THIS ENDS WHERE THEY GO AFTER THE ENTIRE
THEY GO AFTER THE ENTIRE ORGANIZATION.
ORGANIZATION. YOU TALKED ABOUT A MOB BOSS.
YOU TALKED ABOUT A MOB BOSS. THAT’S WHAT IT WAS BUILT FOR.
THAT’S WHAT IT WAS BUILT FOR. SOMEONE WHO SITS ATOP A CRIMINAL
SOMEONE WHO SITS ATOP A CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE AND IS RESPONSIBLE
ENTERPRISE AND IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF IT.
FOR ALL OF IT. >> AND THAT’S A DISTRICT YOU
>> AND THAT’S A DISTRICT YOU WORKED IN.
WORKED IN. I WANT TO PLAY AS YOU THINK
I WANT TO PLAY AS YOU THINK ABOUT THAT POSSIBILITY, COHEN
ABOUT THAT POSSIBILITY, COHEN ALLEGES TRUMP DID SOMETHING THAT
ALLEGES TRUMP DID SOMETHING THAT IS PARTLY WHY HE’S GOING TO
IS PARTLY WHY HE’S GOING TO JAIL.
JAIL. THE IDEA OF WHO GETS AWAY WITH
THE IDEA OF WHO GETS AWAY WITH WHAT.
WHAT. YOU WERE POINTING OUT AS WE WERE
YOU WERE POINTING OUT AS WE WERE COMING OUT ON THE SET REGARDING
COMING OUT ON THE SET REGARDING THIS, TAKE A LOOK AT THAT MOMENT
THIS, TAKE A LOOK AT THAT MOMENT TODAY.
TODAY. >> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE
>> TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DID THE PRESIDENT EVER PROVIDE INFLATED
PRESIDENT EVER PROVIDE INFLATED ASSETS TO A BANK IN ORDER TO
ASSETS TO A BANK IN ORDER TO HELP HIM OBTAIN A LOAN?
HELP HIM OBTAIN A LOAN? >> THESE DOCUMENTS AND OTHERS
>> THESE DOCUMENTS AND OTHERS WERE PROVIDED TO DEUTSCHE BANK
WERE PROVIDED TO DEUTSCHE BANK ON ONE OCCASION WHERE I WAS WITH
ON ONE OCCASION WHERE I WAS WITH THEM IN OUR ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN
THEM IN OUR ATTEMPT TO OBTAIN MONEY TO PUT A BID ON THE
MONEY TO PUT A BID ON THE BUFFALO BILLS.
BUFFALO BILLS. >> BECAUSE THIS IS A BIG NEWS
>> BECAUSE THIS IS A BIG NEWS NIGHT AND WE’VE BEEN PRETTY
NIGHT AND WE’VE BEEN PRETTY SERIOUS, I’M GOING TO SAY IT’S
SERIOUS, I’M GOING TO SAY IT’S TIME TO BIFURCATE.
TIME TO BIFURCATE. I’M GOING TO ASK YOU A
I’M GOING TO ASK YOU A BIFURCATED QUESTION.
BIFURCATED QUESTION. I KNOW YOU CAN HANDLE IT.
I KNOW YOU CAN HANDLE IT. >> I’M READY.
>> I’M READY. >> I DON’T EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT
>> I DON’T EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT WORD MEANS.
WORD MEANS. >> ONE, IF THAT’S TRUE, WHAT IS
>> ONE, IF THAT’S TRUE, WHAT IS THE LEGAL EXPOSURE FOR DONALD
THE LEGAL EXPOSURE FOR DONALD TRUMP AND THE PEOPLE WHO HELPED
TRUMP AND THE PEOPLE WHO HELPED HIM DO IT?
HIM DO IT? AND TWO, EVEN IF IT’S NOT TRUE,
AND TWO, EVEN IF IT’S NOT TRUE, AS A MATTER OF GOVERNANCE, IS
AS A MATTER OF GOVERNANCE, IS THERE STILL A QUESTION WHEN YOU
THERE STILL A QUESTION WHEN YOU SEE THIS OUTLINED UNDER OATH
SEE THIS OUTLINED UNDER OATH HANGING OVER A PRESIDENT WHO
HANGING OVER A PRESIDENT WHO OWES DEUTSCHE BANK WHICH HAS
OWES DEUTSCHE BANK WHICH HAS BEEN PROSECUTED FOR RUSSIAN
BEEN PROSECUTED FOR RUSSIAN MONEY LAUNDERING AND ALL THE
MONEY LAUNDERING AND ALL THE FOREIGN DEBTS AS PEOPLE TRY TO
FOREIGN DEBTS AS PEOPLE TRY TO FIGURE OUT WHAT’S GOING ON IN
FIGURE OUT WHAT’S GOING ON IN THE WHITE HOUSE AND WHAT’S HE
THE WHITE HOUSE AND WHAT’S HE NEGOTIATING OVERSEAS?
NEGOTIATING OVERSEAS? >> ONE, BANK FRAUD.
>> ONE, BANK FRAUD. WE DON’T KNOW YET.
WE DON’T KNOW YET. >> I’LL COUNT.
>> I’LL COUNT. YOU DO IT.
YOU DO IT. >> ALL RIGHT.
>> ALL RIGHT. DONNY’S COUNTING.
DONNY’S COUNTING. BANK FRAUD.
BANK FRAUD. WE DON’T KNOW YET IF THERE’S
WE DON’T KNOW YET IF THERE’S SUFFICIENT EVIDENCE BUT IT COULD
SUFFICIENT EVIDENCE BUT IT COULD LEAD TO MONEY LAUNDERING.
LEAD TO MONEY LAUNDERING. THAT’S A POSSIBILITY.
THAT’S A POSSIBILITY. WE HAVEN’T HEARD SUFFICIENT
WE HAVEN’T HEARD SUFFICIENT EVIDENCE, SO I’M NOT SAYING
EVIDENCE, SO I’M NOT SAYING THAT’S WHERE IT WOULD GO.
THAT’S WHERE IT WOULD GO. ANY TIME YOU START TO TALK ABOUT
ANY TIME YOU START TO TALK ABOUT BANK TRANSACTIONS, REMEMBER
BANK TRANSACTIONS, REMEMBER THAT’S HOW THEY GOT PAUL
THAT’S HOW THEY GOT PAUL MANAFORT.
MANAFORT. COULD BE WIRE FRAUD AS WELL
COULD BE WIRE FRAUD AS WELL DEPENDING ON HOW HE COMMUNICATED
DEPENDING ON HOW HE COMMUNICATED INFORMATION IF IT WAS FRAUDULENT
INFORMATION IF IT WAS FRAUDULENT INFORMATION.
INFORMATION. ON YOUR SECOND QUESTION --
ON YOUR SECOND QUESTION -- BIFURCATION.
BIFURCATION. YOU CAN USE THE OTHER HAND.
YOU CAN USE THE OTHER HAND. ON THE BIFURCATION, THE OTHER
ON THE BIFURCATION, THE OTHER QUESTION, SO SITTING PRESIDENT
QUESTION, SO SITTING PRESIDENT WHO HAS DEMONSTRATED BEFORE
WHO HAS DEMONSTRATED BEFORE COMING TO OFFICER THAT HE IS
COMING TO OFFICER THAT HE IS WILLING TO STRETCH THE TRUTH,
WILLING TO STRETCH THE TRUTH, HIDE MONEY TRANSACTIONS, MAKE
HIDE MONEY TRANSACTIONS, MAKE INACCURATE STATEMENTS
INACCURATE STATEMENTS POTENTIALLY TO INSURANCE
POTENTIALLY TO INSURANCE COMPANIES AND TO BANKS.
COMPANIES AND TO BANKS. NOW -- AND, AND IS HIDING THE
NOW -- AND, AND IS HIDING THE ATTEMPT TO MAKE MONEY OFF OF A
ATTEMPT TO MAKE MONEY OFF OF A FOREIGN GOVERNMENT.
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT. NOW HE’S IN OFFICE AND AS WE
NOW HE’S IN OFFICE AND AS WE KNOW, TWO OF THE LINES OF
KNOW, TWO OF THE LINES OF INVESTIGATION IS TRUMP
INVESTIGATION IS TRUMP INAUGURATION AND THE INAUGURAL
INAUGURATION AND THE INAUGURAL COMMITTEE AND ALSO THE EXTENT TO
COMMITTEE AND ALSO THE EXTENT TO WHERE THERE’S BEEN INFLUENCE BY
WHERE THERE’S BEEN INFLUENCE BY FOREIGN GOVERNANCE AND POLICY
FOREIGN GOVERNANCE AND POLICY DECISIONS OF THE UNITED STATES.
DECISIONS OF THE UNITED STATES. SO ANY OF THOSE VULNERABILITIES,
SO ANY OF THOSE VULNERABILITIES, FINANCIAL VUL NERNLTS BECAUSE HE
FINANCIAL VUL NERNLTS BECAUSE HE NEEDS MONEY OR IS DEPENDENT ON
NEEDS MONEY OR IS DEPENDENT ON BUSINESS HE GETS FROM FOREIGN
BUSINESS HE GETS FROM FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS COULD POTENTIALLY --
GOVERNMENTS COULD POTENTIALLY -- WE DON’T KNOW, BUT COULD
WE DON’T KNOW, BUT COULD POTENTIALLY INFLUENCE HOW HE
POTENTIALLY INFLUENCE HOW HE MAKES POLICY DECISIONS AND WE
MAKES POLICY DECISIONS AND WE HAVE CERTAINLY SEEN SOME
HAVE CERTAINLY SEEN SOME TROUBLING BEHAVIOR FROM THIS
TROUBLING BEHAVIOR FROM THIS PRESIDENT WHEN IT COMES TO
PRESIDENT WHEN IT COMES TO FOREIGN POLICY.
FOREIGN POLICY. >> WHAT YOU’RE LISTING OFF,
>> WHAT YOU’RE LISTING OFF, SOMETIMES WE HAVE A BIG BANNER
SOMETIMES WE HAVE A BIG BANNER LIKE TRUMP LIED.
LIKE TRUMP LIED. THE BANNER WE HAVE ON BREAKING
THE BANNER WE HAVE ON BREAKING NEWS RIGHT NOW WAS HARD TO FIT
NEWS RIGHT NOW WAS HARD TO FIT IN.
IN. ALL OF THE DOCUMENTED THINGS HE
ALL OF THE DOCUMENTED THINGS HE ALLEGED AGAINST DONALD TRUMP.
ALLEGED AGAINST DONALD TRUMP. AND THIS IS WHERE THIS IS NOT
AND THIS IS WHERE THIS IS NOT NORMAL.
NORMAL. PEOPLE CAN SAY MAYBE THEY DIDN’T
PEOPLE CAN SAY MAYBE THEY DIDN’T WANT TO BELIEVE THIS MAN.
WANT TO BELIEVE THIS MAN. BUT WHEN HE AND DRTH OPPOSED,
BUT WHEN HE AND DRTH OPPOSED, YOU’RE LOOKING BETWEEN TRUMP
YOU’RE LOOKING BETWEEN TRUMP TWEETS WHICH WERE FOUND TO HAVE
TWEETS WHICH WERE FOUND TO HAVE LIED MORE THAN ANY OTHER
LIED MORE THAN ANY OTHER POLITICIAN EVER.
POLITICIAN EVER. AND MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY
AND MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY UNDER OATH WHICH AS YOU JUST
UNDER OATH WHICH AS YOU JUST DEFINED HAS A LOT OF PRESSURE ON
DEFINED HAS A LOT OF PRESSURE ON IT.
IT. THEY CAN’T BOTH BE RIGHT.
THEY CAN’T BOTH BE RIGHT. THIS A NIGHT FOR AMERICA TO
THIS A NIGHT FOR AMERICA TO REALLY PROCESS THAT.
REALLY PROCESS THAT. I WANT TO BRING IN ELEANOR
I WANT TO BRING IN ELEANOR HOLMES.
HOLMES. CONGRESSWOMAN, THANK YOU FOR
CONGRESSWOMAN, THANK YOU FOR TAKING TIME ON A BUSY DAY.
TAKING TIME ON A BUSY DAY. I WANT TO ASK YOU WHEN YOU ASKED
I WANT TO ASK YOU WHEN YOU ASKED HIM ABOUT THE TIMING OF THE HUSH
HIM ABOUT THE TIMING OF THE HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS TO DANIELS.
MONEY PAYMENTS TO DANIELS. >> WERE YOU CONCERNED ABOUT THIS
>> WERE YOU CONCERNED ABOUT THIS NEWS STORY BECOMEING PUBLIC RIGH
NEWS STORY BECOMEING PUBLIC RIGH AFTER THE "ACCESS HOLLYWOOD"
AFTER THE "ACCESS HOLLYWOOD" STUDY IN TERMS OF IMPACT ON THE
STUDY IN TERMS OF IMPACT ON THE ELECTION?
ELECTION? >> I WAS CONCERNED ABOUT IT, BUT
>> I WAS CONCERNED ABOUT IT, BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY MR. TRUMP WAS
MORE IMPORTANTLY MR. TRUMP WAS CONCERNED ABOUT IT.
CONCERNED ABOUT IT. >> THAT WAS MY NEXT QUESTION.
>> THAT WAS MY NEXT QUESTION. WHAT WAS THE PRESIDENT’S CONCERN
WHAT WAS THE PRESIDENT’S CONCERN ABOUT THESE BECOMING PUBLIC?
ABOUT THESE BECOMING PUBLIC? >> AFTER THE FIRE THAT
>> AFTER THE FIRE THAT ENCOMPASSED THE BILLY BUSH TAPE,
ENCOMPASSED THE BILLY BUSH TAPE, A SECOND FOLLOW-UP TO IT WOULD
A SECOND FOLLOW-UP TO IT WOULD HAVE BEEN PLEASANT.
HAVE BEEN PLEASANT. >> WHAT DID YOU LEARN THERE AND
>> WHAT DID YOU LEARN THERE AND WHAT WAS THE IMPORT IN YOUR VIEW
WHAT WAS THE IMPORT IN YOUR VIEW OF COHEN SAYING THERE UNDER OATH
OF COHEN SAYING THERE UNDER OATH IN A CLOSE ELECTION AFTER WHAT
IN A CLOSE ELECTION AFTER WHAT THEY’D BEEN THROUGH, ANOTHER
THEY’D BEEN THROUGH, ANOTHER STORY LIKE THAT MIGHT HAVE MADE
STORY LIKE THAT MIGHT HAVE MADE ALL THE DIFFERENCE IN THE WORLD?
ALL THE DIFFERENCE IN THE WORLD? >> TO BE SURE, ARI, BECAUSE WHAT
>> TO BE SURE, ARI, BECAUSE WHAT I WAS -- THE TIME FRAME DURING
I WAS -- THE TIME FRAME DURING WHICH THESE SALACIOUS EVENTS
WHICH THESE SALACIOUS EVENTS CAME UP WAS OCTOBER.
CAME UP WAS OCTOBER. AND WE’RE TALKING ABOUT THE
AND WE’RE TALKING ABOUT THE NOVEMBER ELECTION.
NOVEMBER ELECTION. SO I’M TRYING TO FIND OUT IF
SO I’M TRYING TO FIND OUT IF DONALD TRUMP IS TRYING TO SAVE
DONALD TRUMP IS TRYING TO SAVE HIMSELF FROM BEING BROUGHT DOWN
HIMSELF FROM BEING BROUGHT DOWN BEFORE THE ELECTION.
BEFORE THE ELECTION. I HAVE TO TELL YOU THAT THERE’S
I HAVE TO TELL YOU THAT THERE’S NO DOUBT IN MY MIND.
NO DOUBT IN MY MIND. MICHAEL COHEN INDICATED THAT WAS
MICHAEL COHEN INDICATED THAT WAS EXACTLY WHAT HE WAS ABOUT DURING
EXACTLY WHAT HE WAS ABOUT DURING THAT MONTH AFTER THEY CAME AFTER
THAT MONTH AFTER THEY CAME AFTER THOSE MATTERS CAME OUT.
THOSE MATTERS CAME OUT. AND THE PUBLIC NEVER GOT TO
AND THE PUBLIC NEVER GOT TO JUDGE HIM BASED ON THOSE -- AND
JUDGE HIM BASED ON THOSE -- AND MAY HAVE AFFECTED WHO BECAME
MAY HAVE AFFECTED WHO BECAME PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. >> IT MAY NOT MATTER IN THE
>> IT MAY NOT MATTER IN THE LEGAL SENSE OF WHAT MUELLER IS
LEGAL SENSE OF WHAT MUELLER IS INVESTIGATING, BUT I WONDER TO
INVESTIGATING, BUT I WONDER TO YOU AS A MEMBER OF CONGRESS
YOU AS A MEMBER OF CONGRESS GIVEN THE LINE OF QUESTIONING ON
GIVEN THE LINE OF QUESTIONING ON WHAT YOU SAID TONIGHT, DOES IT
WHAT YOU SAID TONIGHT, DOES IT MATTER IF THE REASONABLE
MATTER IF THE REASONABLE INFERENCE CAN BE DRAWN THAT IF
INFERENCE CAN BE DRAWN THAT IF NOT FOR THAT CONFESSED CRIME
NOT FOR THAT CONFESSED CRIME THAT DONALD TRUMP WOULD NOT BE
THAT DONALD TRUMP WOULD NOT BE PRESIDENT?
PRESIDENT? >> I SUPPOSE IF YOU’RE A
>> I SUPPOSE IF YOU’RE A DEMOCRAT IT MATTERS A LOT.
DEMOCRAT IT MATTERS A LOT. I THINK IT MATTERS A GREAT DEAL.
I THINK IT MATTERS A GREAT DEAL. AND SAY BUT FOR THAT, YOU
AND SAY BUT FOR THAT, YOU WOULDN’T HAVE DONALD TRUMP AS A
WOULDN’T HAVE DONALD TRUMP AS A PRESIDENT EVERY DAY GOING
PRESIDENT EVERY DAY GOING THROUGH THIS KEEPING FROM REAL
THROUGH THIS KEEPING FROM REAL BUSINESS.
BUSINESS. I THINK THIS MATTERED ON WHO
I THINK THIS MATTERED ON WHO WOULD BECOME PRESIDENT AND
WOULD BECOME PRESIDENT AND DONALD TRUMP KNEW IT AND MADE
DONALD TRUMP KNEW IT AND MADE SURE IT WOULD NOT COME TO LIFE.
SURE IT WOULD NOT COME TO LIFE. >> I WOULDN’T NORMALLY ASK YOU
>> I WOULDN’T NORMALLY ASK YOU TO ASSESS THE APPROACH AND THE
TO ASSESS THE APPROACH AND THE STATE OF MIND OF ONE OF YOUR
STATE OF MIND OF ONE OF YOUR COLLEAGUES, BUT IT’S NOT A
COLLEAGUES, BUT IT’S NOT A NORMAL NIGHT.
NORMAL NIGHT. I WONDER, HAVE YOU SEEN CHAIRMAN
I WONDER, HAVE YOU SEEN CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS IN THAT STATE BEFORE?
CUMMINGS IN THAT STATE BEFORE? HAVE YOU SEEN HIM LIKE THIS
HAVE YOU SEEN HIM LIKE THIS EVER?
EVER? OR A HANDFUL OF TIMES?
OR A HANDFUL OF TIMES? AND WHAT DO YOU THINK MOVED HIM
AND WHAT DO YOU THINK MOVED HIM TO THAT DEGREE.
TO THAT DEGREE. BECAUSE HE SEEMED TO GIVE A REAL
BECAUSE HE SEEMED TO GIVE A REAL PLEA BOTH IN THE CLOSING AND HIS
PLEA BOTH IN THE CLOSING AND HIS REMARKS RIGHT AFTERWARD TO THE
REMARKS RIGHT AFTERWARD TO THE NATION ALMOST ACROSS PARTY
NATION ALMOST ACROSS PARTY LINES.
LINES. ASKING PEOPLE THROUGH THE TV
ASKING PEOPLE THROUGH THE TV SCREEN TONIGHT LISTEN TO WHAT
SCREEN TONIGHT LISTEN TO WHAT YOU JUST HEARD.
YOU JUST HEARD. LOOK AT THIS.
LOOK AT THIS. THIS IS DIFFERENT.
THIS IS DIFFERENT. >> I’VE SEEN HIM BUT RARELY.
>> I’VE SEEN HIM BUT RARELY. THERE’S A PART OF HIM THAT WANTS
THERE’S A PART OF HIM THAT WANTS TO USE TESTIMONY TO TEACH AND
TO USE TESTIMONY TO TEACH AND BRING US TOGETHER.
BRING US TOGETHER. AFTER SUCH A POWERFUL DAY AS
AFTER SUCH A POWERFUL DAY AS THIS, YOU NOTE HE DID NOT READ
THIS, YOU NOTE HE DID NOT READ FROM A SCRIPT.
FROM A SCRIPT. HE WAS TOUCHED BY THE POSITION
HE WAS TOUCHED BY THE POSITION HE WAS IN AND HE SPOKE FROM HIS
HE WAS IN AND HE SPOKE FROM HIS HEART.
HEART. I MUST TELL YOU, IT DIDN’T LAST
I MUST TELL YOU, IT DIDN’T LAST VERY LONG, BUT WHEN IT WAS ALL
VERY LONG, BUT WHEN IT WAS ALL OVER, I DON’T KNOW IF THE
OVER, I DON’T KNOW IF THE TELEVISION PICKED UP.
TELEVISION PICKED UP. I SUPPOSE I SHOULD SAY THE
I SUPPOSE I SHOULD SAY THE DEMOCRATS CLAPPED.
DEMOCRATS CLAPPED. WE DIDN’T CLAP ANY OTHER TIME
WE DIDN’T CLAP ANY OTHER TIME DURING THAT HEARING.
DURING THAT HEARING. >> BECAUSE IT WAS BEYOND.
>> BECAUSE IT WAS BEYOND. IT FELT BIGGER THAN THE SORT OF
IT FELT BIGGER THAN THE SORT OF FACTUAL PREDICATES THAT WERE
FACTUAL PREDICATES THAT WERE LAID OUT OVER THE COURSE OF THE
LAID OUT OVER THE COURSE OF THE DAY.
DAY. IT WAS STRIKING BECAUSE EVERYONE
IT WAS STRIKING BECAUSE EVERYONE IS TRYING TO MAKE SENSE.
IS TRYING TO MAKE SENSE. >> NORMALLY AFTER -- PROBABLY
>> NORMALLY AFTER -- PROBABLY ALSO SPOKE TO THE CREDIBILITY OF
ALSO SPOKE TO THE CREDIBILITY OF MICHAEL COHEN.
MICHAEL COHEN. IF MICHAEL COHEN WAS NOT TO BE
IF MICHAEL COHEN WAS NOT TO BE BELIEVED GIVEN THOSE HOURS OF
BELIEVED GIVEN THOSE HOURS OF TESTIMONY, YOU CAN BET CHAIRMAN
TESTIMONY, YOU CAN BET CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WOULD HAVE TOLD HIM YOU
CUMMINGS WOULD HAVE TOLD HIM YOU OUGHT TO BE THINKING ABOUT WHAT
OUGHT TO BE THINKING ABOUT WHAT YOU SAID TODAY.
YOU SAID TODAY. HIS CREDIBILITY WAS NOT
HIS CREDIBILITY WAS NOT IMPUGNED.
IMPUGNED. THAT’S ONE OF THE REASONS I
THAT’S ONE OF THE REASONS I THINK THE CHAIRMAN THOUGHT HE
THINK THE CHAIRMAN THOUGHT HE SHOULD SPEAK ABOUT THE VALUE OF
SHOULD SPEAK ABOUT THE VALUE OF THAT TESTIMONY.
THAT TESTIMONY. >> YOU KNOW, WE COVER
>> YOU KNOW, WE COVER WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. YOU ARE A MASTER OF WASHINGTON.
YOU ARE A MASTER OF WASHINGTON. AT LEAST YOU HAVE EXPERIENCE.
AT LEAST YOU HAVE EXPERIENCE. AND A LOT OF THINGS ARE PLANNED
AND A LOT OF THINGS ARE PLANNED OUT VERY CAREFULLY.
OUT VERY CAREFULLY. WE WERE TOLD, OF COURSE, AND WE
WE WERE TOLD, OF COURSE, AND WE MENTION TO VIEWERS THAT MR.
MENTION TO VIEWERS THAT MR. COHEN WAS GOING TO ADDRESS
COHEN WAS GOING TO ADDRESS REPORTERS.
REPORTERS. AND THEN AFTER WHAT I THINK WAS
AND THEN AFTER WHAT I THINK WAS NOT KNOWN THAT CHAIRMAN WAS
NOT KNOWN THAT CHAIRMAN WAS GOING TO END IN THAT DRAMATIC